feat: add sv doc (#960)
Clinical-Genomics/BALSAMIC: docs/balsamic_methods.rst

The called-variants were also further second filtered using the criteria (DP(tumor,normal) >= 10; AD(tumor) >= 3; AF(tumor) >= 0.05, Maximum AF(tumor < 1;  GNOMADAF_popmax <= 0.001; normalized base quality scores >= 20, read_counts of alt,ref alle > 0).
The filtered variants from TNscope and TNhaplotyper were merged using bcftools isec functionality to reduce the number of variants for tumor-only samples.
Structural variants were called using Manta v1.6.0 :superscript:`9`, Delly v1.0.3 :superscript:`10` and TIDDIT v3.0.0 :superscript:`12.

> Copy number aberrations were called using ascatNgs v4.5.0 :superscript:`17` and Delly v1.0.3 :superscript:`10` and converted from CNV to deletions (DEL) and duplications (DUP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy Number Variations (CNVs) were called using ascatNgs v4.5.0 :superscript:`17` and Delly v1.0.3 :superscript:`10` and converted from CNVs to deletions (DEL) and duplications (DUP).
```
Good to standardize the terms used in the doc.
Can you also change the TGA methods for CNAs to CNVs

Author: CNVs is a standard term. I suggest we use CNVs instead of CNAs.
